you've once really come dancing I must
remain calm let's tour through your
talents this tonight first of all your
waltz from week one there were tears
before your waltz even began out on the
floor and incredible comments from the
judges they were saying Len said no one
has ever achieved lines like yours in
America or in the UK on Strictly Come
Dancing that's how good you are just
don't even feel like he's talking about
mating it's insane it's just to get
comments like that when I've loved it so
much it's just like a blessing I just
feel so lucky and 40 I'm not another 40
for two of you I'm gonna move on because
we want to get to all your dances I'm
your show dance sweet child of mine I
mean good as me when he came on I wanted
to undo his laces with my teeth full on
full impact how much fun was it to dance
that happy it was a fabulous dancer
loved getting into the character the
costume was just fabulous
and I just I was literally treated it
like me last dance so we just wanted to
go out there and have fun and it did and
we were still rude do you know what I
think the thing was every time we were
watching it the gang only it takes two
crew and every time you didn't line
every time you kicked your foot it was
perfection it was so cuz it was so fast
and she was incredibly in all those slow
dances everything that was slow and
beautiful graceful moves and doing tango
passes over her shoulders was was a bit
risky I definitely think that paid off
remind yourself have a little and then
of course your choice from Blackpool
from black a quick step to do again how
much
fabulous I definitely felt like I was
walking on sunshine and to go out that
that was the last dance we've ever done
so it was just amazing few little I
don't know just fabulous
you know I don't even think about that
because the judges said Bruno said it
was the best content he has ever seen
free quickstep on this show